---
layout: post
title:  "Feedback - A.S.K"
date:   2015-03-29 18:36:48
categories: cultural
---

A major part of the DBC experience is pairing. Each week, we are required to participate in two Peer Pairing Sessions at minimum and one Guided Pairing Session (GPS).

Personally, I love working with a pair. I have always been someone who benefits from working with other people. Working with someone else pushes me to do my best work and try my hardest. Not only that, but I also find it to be a lot more fun. Having a pair is generally super duper beneficial. Having two pairs of eyes on a problem means that the problem is being approached two different ways at the same time. This is fantastic because this tends to lead to the best solution. Each pair has a different amount of knowledge and generally, one tends to know more than the other on one topic and visa versa. This means learning opportunities. I always learn something new when I'm in a pairing session. My pair is able to teach me things that they either knew that I didn't or that they just learned from their previous pair. It's a pretty neat system that is also rewarding. It's just so rewarding to be able to teach someone something. I've always found that being able to explain things really means that I understand them. It's an awesome feeling. Pairing isn't always awesome. Sometime's it can be frustrating. I have trouble with articulation and communication. Sometimes it is easier to do something and then explain it, and this is a really bad way to do things. This isn't collaboration, nor is it respectful of your pair and their ideas. I've found that I tend to move too fast. I just charge ahead like a bullet and leave my partner behind. It's all because I don't take the time to talk and explain things. I sort of just take charge and write things a certain way or tell my pair to do something one way, as opposed to slowing down and thinking things through. It's something I'm working on.

DBC has a system in place that makes it really easy to work on habits. The other half of pairing is feedback. We are required to give anonymous feedback to our pairs after we finish a pairing session. It's a really cool system because good feed back is Actionable, Specific, and Kind (ASK). This means that when I read feedback from somebody they give me tips of things to work on, are specific about anything they mention, whether it's a suggestion or something they liked, and are kind. This way, I can be told ways to improve without feeling bad about myself. The feedback I've received so far has been pretty helpful. It's opened my eyes to my flaws, which I mentioned earlier. Based on the feedback I've received, I am going to be more concious of myself. I'm going to give my pair more of an opportunity to speak and I'm going to try and listen more. Also, I'm going to move at a more reasonable pace. Writing feedback is hard for me. I don't really like it, to be honest. But, I want to be helpful to others and I know other people want feedback. I find it really difficult to find something actionable to tell my pairs. I can never really think of anything that I feel they need to work on or that they could do to make pairing more successful. I'm also pretty bad at being specific. So, this is something I am also working on. Overall, I think that this system is a great learning tool. Not being told how to improve isn't productive and doesn't help you learn. This, however, does. It's pretty cool.