---
layout: post
title:  "Implementing Jekyll"
date:   2015-04-26 18:36:48
categories: technical
---

Today I worked on implementing jekyll to my blog. It was really a lot of fun. Well, sort of. It was very exciting. My blog looks so nice and pretty now. It looks like a real blog.

Right now, my blog looks very generic. It's using the template that jekyll automatically has when you first install it. I'm okay with that for now. I just wanted to get my blog looking professional and transfer it over. I'll put more me into it later.

I really liked doing this because it was so much nicer than writing in html. Being able to write the posts themselves in markdown is so much nicer and cleaner. It is more intuitive and it leads to writing a nicer post. I can write lists easily and imbed bits of code and pictures and so on. I'm really enjoying this.

I had a little bit of trouble starting off when trying to install jekyll and convert what I had to begin with into jekyll. I was trying to find a way where what I had already could be transfered into new markdown files in the _posts directory in my jekyll blog project. There wasn't really any intuitive way to import my already existing material from GitHub pages. So, I ended up just copying and pasting my posts from one file to another. That was a little bit frustrating, but I feel that it was WAY worth it in the long run.

The next step for me is to connect my GitHub pages to my personal domain. Hopefully I'll get that up and running to.

I'm really excited to see what I can do with this system.